I want you, don't be ignorant
Mr. Shen has a crush on you
That's your blessing.
Don't be alone because of you
The Ye family and Shen Yuan were implicated
It's not that you don't know
What is our Ye family like now?
You can't always look at us
Let's go beg for dinner
But your Ye family is to blame
As for Shen Yan
I warn you
Who dares to move?
I won't let you go if I'm a ghost
We'll see about that.
Wife
Honey, I'm back.
Stop barking
Your wife has been dedicated by me
Someone who is truly worth having
The boss of the other party is very generous
Also sold for a good price
Pardon me?
Qin Shao said
Your wife was sold. Do you understand?
Do you want to know who I sold it to?
How about this one?
It's the letter that the lord asked me to give you
Ah, you better kneel now
Please forgive me for your previous actions
Otherwise, you will never want to pick up the leaf problem in your life.
Kneel down